Q1/2: During my time working on what is version control, as I reflect on it I can now answer the questions that followed. The difference I have noticed is that Git is the programe that is responsible for version control. And version control is the act of managing when changes are made to a single file. This is good when two or more are working on the document, and with that you can see the changes that a team member made so you can then expand upon the change or delete or go back on the change. This is usally done locally if they are only using Git(meaning on your computer using only code to send files to other members).Now Github, is when you want a file to be located remotely. This means Github can create a central source in which it will act like a form of cloud service(that can be updated directly on Github and locally if you push the changes up)in which the site will keep the files/folders that you had created locally.
Q3: Now will I remember the difference after a week, if i didn't revist the assignment/material? I think I would remember what Github is. But I might struggle to remember what Git by itself would be.
Q4: Ok on this one I didn't stick to the timebox suggestions. The reason why is most of my time was combining both the watching and the exploring together at 20 mins and another 10 mins on the reflecting. For me it helps with my understanding easier. As it gives me more context when by the end I need to reflect on what I have just learned.
Install and Explore Git Reflect
I believe that a GitHub workflow is ment to be small or light, while using the ability to use branches to develop multi person projects that can be worked on at the same time at any time.
One thing that I noticed about my learning is that, I tend to juggle multiple research tasks at once to keep me engaged. But when I started to lose focus I asked other members of the course what the idea of the task was so that I can then refocus my brain.
If I had to do something differently I would try to not wrap my brain in too many things at once. 
